Ladies and gentlemen, the first general election of the current election is about to take place.
The government has no right to judge the nationality of the new election,
but has accepted the urgent need to measure the iron ore of the cabinet,
and has created a disbandment of the parliament.
The cabinet was established in April last year.
Since then, we have been maintaining the integrity of the cabinet,
avoiding the affairs of the people,
and maintaining the interests and rights of the empire,
as you know.
At the same time, in order to make opensamclass and elementary- prophets of the cult of прикince,
such as a
The government, of course, does not let the country's hope be shaken,
along with its efforts to stabilize the peace of the world and the world's economy.
However, looking back at the formation of the world-wide relationship and the current situation of the empire,
the government has placed the focus of foreign politics on the food industry,
and is now considering the unfulfilled industrial trade as the main focus,
and is moving the burden of the people within the country.
I believe that this is a reason for the spirit of the times,
and a reason for the people's lives.
The government has first laid the foundation for the food industry,
and has also been working to help the workers who are involved in these businesses,
and has also been planning to build facilities in each area to enhance their ability.
The government has also decided to implement the appropriate measures against the rural and fishing villages and the mountain villages,
and has also paid careful consideration to the self-sufficiency,
fundamental solutions,
and is also willing to offer economic show-ina flap for prejudice to save the free activities of the people in the remote areas.